Add post on opening up the Core Team agenda (#657)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: posts/inside-rust/2020-07-24-opening-up-the-core-team-agenda.md

---
layout: post
title: "Opening up the Core Team agenda"
author: Pietro Albini

> team: the Core Team <https://www.rust-lang.org/governance/teams/core>

Reviewer: Historically we have used

    The Rust Core Team

I like the addition of the link, but maybe for consistency's sake we should make the text the same.

Author: @steveklabnik note that this will show up as "Pietro Albini, on behalf of the [Core Team]", as any other Inside Rust post. Do we want to change that?

Reviewer: Ah, I did not see that on Inside Rust! Seems fine :)

---

> The Core Team tends to project-wide policy questions on all sorts of matters,

Reviewer: Something in this wording is a bit off to me, but I'm not sure what. I think "tends" is the wrong verb, or maybe it's missing something, I'm not sure 😅

Reviewer 2: It's a garden path sentence, it initially reads as the core team tending towards a behavior rather than the core team taking care of something

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Core Team works on project-wide policy questions on all sorts of matters,
```

perhaps?
